java/awt/Choice/ChoiceLocationTest/ChoiceLocationTest.java                                  nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Choice/DragMouseOutAndRelease/DragMouseOutAndRelease.java                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Choice/GetSizeTest/GetSizeTest.java                                                nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Choice/ResizeAutoClosesChoice/ResizeAutoClosesChoice.java                          nobug windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Choice/UnfocusableCB_ERR/UnfocusableCB_ERR.java                                    nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Component/F10TopToplevel/F10TopToplevel.html                                       nobug linux-all
java/awt/Component/PaintAll/PaintAll.java                                                   nobug linux-all
java/awt/Container/isRemoveNotifyNeeded/JInternalFrameTest.java                             nobug generic-all
java/awt/Dialog/MakeWindowAlwaysOnTop/MakeWindowAlwaysOnTop.java                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/NestedDialogs/Modal/NestedModalDialogTest.java                              nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/NonResizableDialogSysMenuResize/NonResizableDialogSysMenuResize.java        nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Dialog/SiblingChildOrder/SiblingChildOrderTest.java                                nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/EventDispatchThread/LoopRobustness/LoopRobustness.html                             nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/EventDispatchThread/PreserveDispathThread/PreserveDispatchThread.java              nobug windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/FileDialogMemoryLeak/FileDialogLeakTest.java                            nobug windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/FilenameFilterTest/FilenameFilterTest.html                              nobug macosx-all
java/awt/FileDialog/MoveToTrashTest.java                                                    nobug windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/ModalFocus/FileDialogModalFocusTest.java                                nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/6981400/Test2.java                                                           nobug linux-all
java/awt/Focus/AppletInitialFocusTest/AppletInitialFocusTest1.html                          nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/FileDialog/ModalFocus/FileDialogModalFocusTest.java                                nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/ConsumeNextKeyTypedOnModalShowTest/ConsumeNextKeyTypedOnModalShowTest.java   nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/ContainerFocusAutoTransferTest/ContainerFocusAutoTransferTest.java           nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/FocusEmbeddedFrameTest/FocusEmbeddedFrameTest.java                           nobug windows-all
java/awt/Focus/FocusTransitionTest/FocusTransitionTest.java                                 nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Focus/InputVerifierTest3/InputVerifierTest3.java                                   nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/NonFocusableResizableTooSmall/NonFocusableResizableTooSmall.java             nobug windows-all
java/awt/Focus/NonFocusableWindowTest/NonfocusableOwnerTest.java                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Focus/RemoveAfterRequest/RemoveAfterRequest.java                                   nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/RequestFocusAndHideTest/RequestFocusAndHideTest.java                         nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/RequestFocusByCause/RequestFocusByCauseTest.java                             nobug linux-all,macosx-all,windows-all reproduced with Adopt, OpenJDK
java/awt/Focus/WindowIsFocusableAccessByThreadsTest/WindowIsFocusableAccessByThreadsTest.java nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/8158918/SetExtendedState.java                                                nobug linux-all
java/awt/Frame/DisposeStressTest/DisposeStressTest.html                                     JBR-1905 macosx-all
java/awt/Frame/FrameLocation/FrameLocation.java                                             nobug linux-all
java/awt/Frame/FrameSize/TestFrameSize.java                                                 nobug linux-all,mac-osx
java/awt/Frame/MaximizedToIconified/MaximizedToIconified.java                               nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/ActiveAWTWindowTest.java                                     nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/ActiveSwingWindowTest.java                                   nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/MiscUndecorated/FrameCloseTest.java                                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/NormalToIconified/NormalToIconifiedTest.java                                 nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Frame/ObscuredFrame/ObscuredFrameTest.java                                         nobug macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/Frame/UnfocusableMaximizedFrameResizablity/UnfocusableMaximizedFrameResizablity.java nobug linux-all,windows-all,macosx-all
java/awt/FullScreen/SetFSWindow/FSFrame.java                                                nobug windows-all
java/awt/FullScreen/TranslucentWindow/TranslucentWindow.java                                nobug windows-all
java/awt/Graphics/LineClipTest.java                                                         nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/ScaledTransform/ScaledTransform.java                                    nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/JAWT/JAWT.sh                                                                       nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/KeyboardFocusmanager/ConsumeNextMnemonicKeyTypedTest/ConsumeNextMnemonicKeyTypedTest.html nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/KeyboardFocusmanager/TypeAhead/EnqueueWithDialogTest/EnqueueWithDialogTest.java    nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/KeyboardFocusmanager/TypeAhead/MenuItemActivatedTest/MenuItemActivatedTest.html    nobug windows-all reproduced with Adopt
java/awt/LightweightDispatcher/LWDispatcherMemoryLeakTest.java                              nobug windows-all
java/awt/List/ActionAfterRemove/ActionAfterRemove.java                                      nobug windows-all
java/awt/List/ActionEventTest/ActionEventTest.java                                          nobug generic-all timeout
java/awt/List/EmptyListEventTest/EmptyListEventTest.java                                    nobug windows-all
java/awt/List/ItemEventTest/ItemEventTest.java                                              nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/List/NofocusListDblClickTest/NofocusListDblClickTest.java                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/List/ListGarbageCollectionTest/AwtListGarbageCollectionTest.java                   nobug linux-all
java/awt/Menu/NullMenuLabelTest/NullMenuLabelTest.java                                      nobug linux-all
java/awt/Mixing/HWDisappear.java                                                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/JButtonInGlassPane.java                                                     nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/LWComboBox.java                                                             nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/LWPopupMenu.java                                                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/MixingInHwPanel.java                                                        nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/ValidBounds.java                                                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mixing/Validating.java                                                             nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Modal/LWModalTest/LWModalTest.java                                                 nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Modal/ModalDialogOrderingTest/ModalDialogOrderingTest.java                         nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Modal/ToBack/ToBackModeless6Test.java                                              nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mouse/MaximizedFrameTest/MaximizedFrameTest.java                                   nobug macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseComboBoxTest/MouseComboBoxTest.java                                     nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseModifiersUnitTest/MouseModifiersUnitTest_Extra.java                     nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseWheelAbsXY/MouseWheelAbsXY.java                                         nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseAdapter/MouseAdapterUnitTest/MouseAdapterUnitTest.java                        nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseInfo/ComponentMousePositionTest.java                                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/MouseInfo/JContainerMousePositionTest.java                                         nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Paint/ComponentIsNotDrawnAfterRemoveAddTest/ComponentIsNotDrawnAfterRemoveAddTest.java nobug linux-all,macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Paint/ExposeOnEDT.java                                                             nobug windows-all
java/awt/Paint/ListRepaint.java                                                             nobug linux-all (java.lang.NullPointerException reproduced with Adopt)
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuLocation.java                                                   nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIMouseClick/HiDPIRobotMouseClick.java                                    nobug windows-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/HiDPIRobotScreenCaptureTest.java                          nobug windows-all
java/awt/Robot/MouseLocationOnScreen/MouseLocationOnScreen.java                             nobug windows-all
java/awt/Robot/MultiScreenRobotPosition/MultiScreenRobotPosition.java                       nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Scrollbar/ScrollbarMouseWheelTest/ScrollbarMouseWheelTest.java                     nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/SplashScreen/FullscreenAfterSplash/FullScreenAfterSplash.java                      nobug macosx-all
java/awt/TextArea/Mixing/TextAreaMixing.java                                                nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/TextArea/OverScrollTest/OverScrollTest.java                                        nobug windows-all
java/awt/TextArea/ScrollbarIntersectionTest/ScrollbarIntersectionTest.java                  nobug windows-all
java/awt/TextArea/UsingWithMouse/SelectionAutoscrollTest.java                               nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/TextField/OverScrollTest/OverScrollTest.java                                       nobug windows-all
java/awt/Toolkit/RealSync/Test.java                                                         nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Toolkit/SunDisplayChangerLeakTest/SunDisplayChangerLeakTest.java                   nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/TrayIcon/SecurityCheck/FunctionalityCheck/FunctionalityCheck.java                  nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/Window/ChangeWindowResizabilty/ChangeWindowResizabiltyTest.java                    nobug windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Window/FindOwner/FindOwnerTest.html                                                nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/Window/GetScreenLocation/GetScreenLocationTest.java                                nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/Window/MainKeyWindowTest/TestMainKeyWindow.java                                    nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Window/MaximizeOffscreen/MaximizeOffscreenTest.java                                nobug macosx-all,linux-all
java/awt/Window/MinimumSizeDPIVariation/MinimumSizeDPIVariation.java                        nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Window/OwnedWindowsLeak/OwnedWindowsLeak.java                                      nobug linux-all
java/awt/Window/ScreenLocation/ScreenLocationTest.java                                      nobug linux-all
java/awt/Window/SetWindowLocationByPlatformTest/SetWindowLocationByPlatformTest.java        nobug linux-all
java/awt/Window/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/WindowOpacity.java                              nobug windows-all
java/awt/Window/TopLevelLocation/TopLevelLocation.java                                      nobug linux-all,macosx-all
java/awt/Window/WindowDeadlockTest/WindowDeadlockTest.java                                  nobug macosx-all timeout
java/awt/Window/WindowOwnedByEmbeddedFrameTest/WindowOwnedByEmbeddedFrameTest.java          nobug macosx-all
java/awt/Window/WindowResizing/DoubleClickTitleBarTest.java                                 nobug macosx-all
java/awt/datatransfer/Independence/IndependenceAWTTest.java                                 nobug linux-all
java/awt/datatransfer/MissedHtmlAndRtfBug/MissedHtmlAndRtfBug.html                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/datatransfer/SystemSelection/SystemSelectionSwingTest.java                         nobug linux-all
java/awt/dnd/AcceptDropMultipleTimes/AcceptDropMultipleTimes.java                           nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/dnd/DnDTestWithHIDPI/DragTestWithHIDPI.java                                        nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/dnd/InterJVMGetDropSuccessTest/InterJVMGetDropSuccessTest.html                     nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/dnd/RecognizedActionTest/RecognizedActionTest.java                                 nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/dnd/RemoveDropTargetCrashTest/RemoveDropTargetCrashTest.java                       nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/AltCharAcceleratorTest/AltCharAcceleratorTest.java                  nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/DeadKey/DeadKeyMacOSXInputText.java                                 nobug macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/DeadKey/deadKeyMacOSX.java                                          nobug macosx-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/KeyTyped/CtrlASCII.html                                             nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/KeyEvent/RobotCrash/RobotCrash.java                                          nobug linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/ClickDuringKeypress/ClickDuringKeypress.java                      nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/EnterAsGrabbedEvent/EnterAsGrabbedEvent.java                      nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/MouseButtonsTest/MouseButtonsTest.java                            nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/MultipleMouseButtonsTest/MultipleMouseButtonsTest.java            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/RobotLWTest/RobotLWTest.html                                      nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseWheelEvent/DisabledComponent/DisabledComponent.java                     nobug windows-all
java/awt/event/MouseWheelEvent/WheelModifier/WheelModifier.java                             nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/event/SequencedEvent/SequencedEventTest.java                                       nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
java/awt/font/Emoji/EmojiDrawingTest.java                                                   nobug macosx-all
java/awt/grab/EmbeddedFrameTest1/EmbeddedFrameTest1.java                                    nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/grab/MenuDragEvents/MenuDragEvents.java                                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/ClientAreaOriginWindowsTest.java                                             nobug windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/DrawOnFrameGraphicsTest.java                                                 nobug windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/SetMaximizedBoundsTest.java                                                  nobug windows-all
java/awt/hidpi/properties/HiDPIPropertiesUnixTest.java                                      nobug macosx-all
java/awt/hidpi/properties/HiDPIPropertiesWindowsTest.java                                   nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/EABlitTest.java                                                    nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectOffset.java                                               nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/UnmanagedDrawImagePerformance.java                                 JBR-1801 windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/DrawBufImgOp.java                                              nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/DrawHugeImageTest.java                                         nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/TransparentVImage.java                                         nobug windows-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/Corrupted2XImageTest.java                                    nobug macosx-all
java/awt/keyboard/AltPlusNumberKeyCombinationsTest/AltPlusNumberKeyCombinationsTest.java    nobug windows-all
java/awt/print/PaintSetEnabledDeadlock/PaintSetEnabledDeadlock.java                         nobug windows-all,linux-all

javax/swing/JComboBox/4199622/bug4199622.java                                               nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/4523758/bug4523758.java                                               nobug macosx-all,windows-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JComponent/6989617/bug6989617.java                                              nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JDialog/Transparency/TransparencyTest.java                                      nobug linux-all,macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JEditorPane/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest.java                nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JEditorPane/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest/JEditorPaneGCSwitchTest_i18n.java           nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JFileChooser/6489130/bug6489130.java                                            nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JFileChooser/8194044/FileSystemRootTest.java                                    nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JFrame/4962534/bug4962534.html                                                  nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/4769772/TestJInternalFrameIconify.java                           nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/6288609/TestJInternalFrameDispose.java                           nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/6647340/bug6647340.java                                          nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/6725409/bug6725409.java                                          nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8020708/bug8020708.java                                          nobug windows-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8145060/TestJInternalFrameMinimize.java                          nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/InternalFrameIsNotCollectedTest.java                             nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/NormalBoundsTest.java                                            nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/Test6802868.java                                                 nobug macosx-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JLabel/7004134/bug7004134.java                                                  nobug macosx-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JList/6510999/bug6510999.java                                                   nobug linux-all,macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JList/BasicListTest.java                                                        nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JMenu/6538132/bug6538132.java                                                   nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JMenu/8178430/LabelDotTest.java                                                 nobug linux-all
javax/swing/JMenuItem/8139169/ScreenMenuBarInputTwice.java                                  nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JMenuItem/8158566/CloseOnMouseClickPropertyTest.java                            nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JOptionPane/6428694/bug6428694.java                                             nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/4634626/bug4634626.java                                              nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6544309/bug6544309.java                                              nobug linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6691503/bug6691503.java                                              nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6827786/bug6827786.java                                              nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JProgressBar/8015748/JProgressBarOrientationRobotTest.java                      nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JScrollBar/7163696/Test7163696.java                                             nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JScrollBar/bug4202954/bug4202954.java                                           nobug generic-all timeout
javax/swing/JSlider/6401380/bug6401380.java                                                 nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/7161568/bug7161568.java                                             nobug windows-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/7170310/bug7170310.java                                             nobug macosx-all,linux-all
javax/swing/JTextArea/8149849/DNDTextToScaledArea.java                                      nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JToolTip/6219960/bug6219960.java                                                nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JTree/4633594/JTreeFocusTest.java                                               nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JTree/6578666/bug6578666.java                                                   nobug macosx-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucent.java                    nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentGradient.java            nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java      nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedTranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug macosx-all,windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug windows-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentWindowClickSwing.java            nobug windows-all
javax/swing/event/RightAltKeyTest.java                                                      nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/metal/MetalGradient/8163193/ButtonGradientTest.java                        nobug linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8041642/ScrollBarThumbVisibleTest.java                              nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8041642/bug8041642.java                                             nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/8057791/bug8057791.java                                             nobug windows-all,linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/TestNimbusOverride.java                                             nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthButtonUI/6276188/bug6276188.java                                nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthScrollbarThumbPainter/SynthScrollbarThumbPainterTest.java       nobug windows-all
javax/swing/plaf/windows/6921687/bug6921687.java                                            nobug windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskUndJFrameProperties.java                                        nobug windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskZoomJFrameChangeState.java                                      nobug linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/reliability/TaskZoomJFrameRepaint.java                                          nobug linux-all,windows-all
javax/swing/text/Caret/TestCaretPosition.java                                               nobug linux-all
javax/swing/text/FlowView/LayoutTest.java                                                   nobug windows-all
javax/swing/text/html/StyleSheet/bug4936917.java                                            nobug macosx-all,windows-all

jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog186.java                                                      nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog1054.java                                                     nobug macosx-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog705.java                                                      nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/javax/swing/JDialog/JDialog741/JDialog741.html                                           nobug macosx-all,linux-all,windows-all
jb/sun/awt/macos/KeyPressAndHoldTest.java                                                   nobug macosx-all
jb/sun/lwawt/macosx/NSEvent/nsevent422.sh                                                   nobug macosx-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/ModalDialogFromMenuTest.java                                              JBR-2768 macosx-all